### Appveyor Notifications <br>

You can automate Appveyor notify you when a new build is generated by 2 ways: Your project settings and [appveyor.yml](https://www.appveyor.com/docs/notifications/).
Here I will show you the first one.

---

#### Appveyor Notifications by Project Settings <br>

##### 1. Go to YourProject->Settings->Notifications.
##### 2. Add a new notification.

<br>You can set a lot of ways to be notified by. I specially like **Email Notifications** and **Slack Notifications** (specially if I'm working in a team on the same project).

---

####   Email Notifications <br>
  
#####   1. Select Email Notifications.
#####   2. Recipients: Introduce the email adresses where the notifications will be sent to, separated by commas.
#####   3. Subject: Choose the subject for the email. <br>For example: ***Failed build \{\{buildVersion}}***
#####   4. Message: Customize your own message. <br>For example: ***Build failed commited by \{\{commitAuthor}}(\{\{commitAuthorEmail}})***
#####   5. Events: Select the events you will be notified of. In this example we only want to be notified when a Build Failure happens.
  
---

####   Slack Notifications <br>
  
#####   1. Select Slack Notifications
#####   2. Go [HERE](https://api.slack.com/custom-integrations/legacy-tokens) and generate a token. If you are setting notifications by appveyor.yml be sure to encrypt this first going [HERE](https://ci.appveyor.com/tools/encrypt).
#####   3. Introduce your token in the Authentication Token Field.
#####   4. Choose the Slack channel where the notifications will be sent to.
#####   5. Configure your own message. You can customize it with variables like we did before.
#####   6. Select your events.
  
